♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN
YOUR DAY, YOUR WEEK ♪
♪ YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO ♪
THERE'S NOTHING TO TELL.
IT'S JUST SOME GUY
I WORK WITH.
COME ON.
YOU'RE GOING OUT WITH THE GUY.
THERE'S GOT TO BE SOMETHING
WRONG WITH HIM.
SO, DOES HE HAVE A HUMP?
A HUMP AND A HAIRPIECE?
WAIT, DOES HE EAT CHALK?
JUST 'CAUSE I DON'T WANT HER
TO GO THROUGH
WHAT I WENT THROUGH WITH CARL.
OKAY, EVERYBODY RELAX.
THIS IS NOT A DATE.
IT'S TWO PEOPLE
GOING OUT TO DINNER
AND NOT HAVING SEX.
SOUNDS LIKE A DATE TO ME.
SO I'M BACK
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
I'M STANDING IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE CAFETERIA
AND I REALIZE
I AM TOTALLY... NAKED.
I'VE HAD THAT DREAM.
THEN, I LOOK DOWN
AND I REALIZE
THERE IS A PHONE...
THERE.
INSTEAD OF..?
THAT'S RIGHT.
NEVER HAD
THAT DREAM.
ALL OF A SUDDEN, THE PHONE
STARTS TO RING
AND IT TURNS OUT IT'S MY MOTHER
WHICH IS VERY,
VERY WEIRD BECAUSE...
SHE NEVER CALLS ME.
HI.
THIS GUY SAYS "HELLO.
I WANT TO KILL MYSELF."
ARE YOU OKAY, SWEETIE?
I FEEL LIKE SOMEONE
REACHED DOWN MY THROAT
GRABBED MY SMALL INTESTINE,
PULLED IT OUT MY MOUTH
AND TIED IT
AROUND MY NECK.
COOKIE?
CAROL MOVED HER STUFF OUT TODAY.
All:
OH...
LET ME GET YOU
SOME COFFEE.
THANKS.
OOH. UGH...
NO. OH, NO. NO, DON'T.
STOP CLEANSING MY AURA.
NO, JUST
LEAVE MY AURA ALONE, OKAY?
I'LL BE FINE, ALL RIGHT?
REALLY, EVERYONE.
I HOPE SHE'LL
BE VERY HAPPY.
Monica:
NO, YOU DON'T.
NO I DON'T.
TO HELL WITH HER.
SHE LEFT ME.
AND YOU NEVER KNEW
SHE WAS A LESBIAN?
NO. OKAY?
WHY DOES EVERYONE
KEEP FIXATING ON THAT?
SHE DIDN'T KNOW.
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
SOMETIMES I WISH
I WAS A LESBIAN.
DID I SAY THAT OUT LOUD?
ALL RIGHT, ROSS, LOOK
YOU'RE FEELING
A LOT OF PAIN RIGHT NOW.
YOU'RE ANGRY. YOU'RE HURTING.
CAN I TELL YOU
WHAT THE ANSWER IS?
STRIP JOINTS!
OH, COME ON.
YOU'RE SINGLE.
SEE, BUT I DON'T WANT
TO BE SINGLE, OKAY?
I JUST, I JUST,
I JUST WANT TO BE
MARRIED AGAIN.
AND I JUST WANT
A MILLION DOLLARS.
RACHEL?
OH, GOD, MONICA, HI.
THANK GOD.
I JUST WENT
TO YOUR BUILDING
AND YOU WEREN'T THERE
AND THEN THIS GUY
WITH A BIG HAMMER
SAID THAT YOU MIGHT BE HERE,
AND YOU ARE.
CAN I GET YOU
SOME COFFEE?
DECAF.
OKAY, EVERYBODY,
THIS IS RACHEL
ANOTHER LINCOLN HIGH
SURVIVOR.
THIS IS EVERYBODY.
THIS IS CHANDLER
AND PHOEBE,
AND JOEY
AND YOU REMEMBER
MY BROTHER ROSS?
SURE.
HI. OH!
SO, YOU WANT
TO TELL US NOW
OR ARE WE WAITING
FOR FOUR WET BRIDESMAIDS?
OH, GOD.
WELL, IT STARTED
ABOUT A HALF HOUR
BEFORE THE WEDDING.
I WAS IN THIS ROOM
WHERE WE WERE KEEPING
ALL THE PRESENTS
AND I WAS LOOKING
AT THIS GRAVY BOAT--
THIS REALLY GORGEOUS
LIMOGES GRAVY BOAT--
WHEN ALL OF A SUDDEN...
SWEET AND LOW?
I REALIZED
THAT I WAS MORE TURNED ON
BY THIS GRAVY BOAT
THAN BY BARRY
AND THEN I GOT
REALLY FREAKED OUT
AND THAT'S
WHEN IT HIT ME
HOW MUCH BARRY
LOOKS LIKE MR. POTATO HEAD.
I MEAN, I ALWAYS KNEW
HE LOOKED FAMILIAR, BUT...
ANYWAY, I JUST HAD
TO GET OUT OF THERE
AND I STARTED WONDERING,
"WHY AM I DOING THIS
AND WHO AM
I DOING THIS FOR?"
SO, ANYWAY, I JUST DIDN'T
KNOW WHERE TO GO
AND I KNOW THAT
YOU AND I HAVE
DRIFTED APART
BUT YOU'RE
THE ONLY PERSON I KNEW
WHO LIVED IN THE CITY.
WHO WASN'T INVITED
TO THE WEDDING.
OH, I WAS KIND OF HOPING
THAT WOULDN'T BE AN ISSUE.
...Elijarme la mano,
aquellos criminales.
Monica:
NOW, I'M GUESSING
THAT HE BOUGHT HER
THE BIG PIPE ORGAN
AND SHE'S REALLY
NOT HAPPY ABOUT IT.
DADDY, I JUST...
I CAN'T MARRY HIM.
I'M SORRY.
I JUST DON'T LOVE HIM.
WELL, IT MATTERS TO ME.
Chandler:
SHE SHOULD NOT
BE WEARING THOSE PANTS.
I SAY PUSH HER
DOWN THE STAIRS.
All:
PUSH HER DOWN THE STAIRS!
PUSH HER DOWN
THE STAIRS!
ALL RIGHT!
COME ON, DADDY,
LISTEN TO ME.
ALL OF MY LIFE
EVERYONE HAS ALWAYS TOLD ME,
"YOU'RE A SHOE.
YOU'RE A SHOE.
YOU'RE A SHOE."
AND THEN TODAY
I JUST STOPPED AND SAID
"WHAT IF I DON'T WANT
TO BE A SHOE?
"WHAT IF I WANT
TO BE A PURSE?
OR A HAT?"
NO, I DON'T WANT YOU
TO BUY ME A HAT.
I'M SAYING
THAT I AM A HAT...
IT'S A METAPHOR, DADDY!
YOU CAN SEE WHERE
HE'D HAVE TROUBLE.
LOOK, DADDY,
IT'S MY LIFE.
WELL, MAYBE I'LL JUST
STAY HERE WITH MONICA.
WELL, I GUESS WE'VE ESTABLISHED
SHE'S STAYING HERE WITH MONICA.
WELL, MAYBE THAT'S MY DECISION.
WELL, MAYBE I DON'T NEED
YOUR MONEY.
WAIT, WAIT! I SAID MAYBE!
OKAY, JUST BREATHE.
THAT'S IT.
JUST TRY TO THINK
OF NICE, CALM THINGS.
♪ RAINDROPS ON ROSES ♪
♪ AND WHISKERS ON KITTENS ♪
♪ DOORBELLS
AND SLEIGH BELLS ♪
♪ AND SOMETHING WITH MITTENS ♪
♪ LA LA LA SOMETHING ♪
♪ WITH STRING,
THESE ARE A FEW... ♪
I'M ALL BETTER NOW.
I HELPED.
OKAY, LOOK, THIS IS
PROBABLY FOR THE BEST.
INDEPENDENCE...
TAKING CONTROL
OF YOUR LIFE.
AND HEY, YOU NEED ANYTHING
YOU CAN ALWAYS COME
TO JOEY.
ME AND CHANDLER
LIVE RIGHT ACROSS THE HALL
AND HE'S AWAY A LOT.
STOP HITTING ON HER.
IT'S HER WEDDING DAY.
LIKE THERE'S
A RULE OR SOMETHING?
( intercom buzzes )
PLEASE DON'T DO THAT AGAIN.
IT'S A HORRIBLE SOUND.
Uh, it's-- it's Paul.
BUZZ HIM IN.
WHO'S PAUL?
"PAUL THE WINE GUY"
PAUL?
MAYBE.
YOUR "NOT A REAL DATE" TONIGHT
IS WITH "PAUL THE WINE GUY"?
HE FINALLY
ASKED YOU OUT?
YES.
A "DEAR DIARY" MOMENT.
RACH, WAIT.
I CAN CANCEL.
PLEASE, NO, GO. I'LL BE FINE.
ROSS, ARE YOU OKAY?
I MEAN,
DO YOU WANT ME TO STAY?
THAT WOULD BE GOOD.
REALLY?
NO! GO ON!
IT'S "PAUL THE WINE GUY!"
HI. COME IN.
PAUL, THIS IS...
EVERYBODY.
EVERYBODY,
THIS IS PAUL.
All:
"PAUL THE WINE GUY!"
I DIDN'T CATCH
YOUR NAME.
PAUL, WAS IT?
SIT DOWN.
TWO SECONDS.
I JUST PULLED OUT
FOUR EYELASHES.
THAT CAN'T BE GOOD.
SO, RACHEL,
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO TONIGHT?
I WAS KIND OF SUPPOSED
TO BE HEADED FOR ARUBA
ON MY HONEYMOON.
SO, NOTHING.
RIGHT. YOU'RE NOT EVEN
GETTING YOUR HONEYMOON.
GOD...
NO... ARUBA.
THIS TIME OF YEAR,
TALK ABOUT YOUR...
BIG LIZARDS.
ANYWAY, IF YOU DON'T FEEL
LIKE BEING ALONE TONIGHT
JOEY AND CHANDLER ARE
HELPING ME PUT TOGETHER
MY NEW FURNITURE.
AND WE'RE VERY
EXCITED ABOUT IT.
THANKS, BUT I'M GOING
TO HANG OUT HERE TONIGHT.
IT'S BEEN A LONG DAY.
OH, SURE. OKAY, SURE.
PHEEBS, YOU
WANT TO HELP?
I WISH I COULD,
BUT I DON'T WANT TO.
I'M SUPPOSED
TO ATTACH
A BRACKETY THING
TO THE SIDE THINGS
USING A BUNCH OF THESE
LITTLE WORM GUYS.
I HAVE NO BRACKETY THING.
I SEE NO WORM GUYS WHATSOEVER.
AND I CANNOT FEEL MY LEGS.
WHAT'S THIS?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
DONE WITH THE BOOKCASE!
ALL FINISHED!
THIS WAS CAROL'S
FAVORITE BEER.
SHE ALWAYS DRANK IT
OUT OF THE CAN.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN.
ROSS, LET ME ASK YOU
A QUESTION.
SHE GOT THE FURNITURE,
THE STEREO, THE GOOD TV.
WHAT DID YOU GET?
YOU GUYS.
YOU GOT SCREWED.
OH, MY GOD.
I KNOW.
I'M SUCH AN IDIOT.
I GUESS I SHOULD
HAVE CAUGHT ON
WHEN SHE STARTED
GOING TO THE DENTIST
FOUR AND FIVE
TIMES A WEEK.
I MEAN, HOW CLEAN
CAN TEETH GET?
MY BROTHER'S GOING
THROUGH THAT NOW.
HE'S SUCH A MESS.
HOW DID YOU
GET THROUGH IT?
HE MIGHT TRY
ACCIDENTALLY BREAKING
SOMETHING VALUABLE
OF HERS-- SAY, HER...
LEG?
THAT'S ONE WAY OF
GOING THROUGH IT.
ME, I WENT
FOR THE WATCH.
YOU ACTUALLY
BROKE HER WATCH?
BARRY, I'M SORRY.
I'M SO SORRY.
I KNOW YOU PROBABLY THINK
THIS IS ALL ABOUT
WHAT I SAID THE OTHER NIGHT
ABOUT YOU MAKING LOVE
WITH YOUR SOCKS ON
BUT IT ISN'T.
IT ISN'T-- IT'S ABOUT ME.
AND I DID...
HI. MACHINE CUT ME OFF AGAIN.
ANYWAY...
YOU KNOW WHAT
THE SCARIEST PART IS?
WHAT IF THERE'S ONLY
ONE WOMAN FOR EVERYBODY?
WHAT IF YOU GET ONE WOMAN
AND THAT'S IT?
UNFORTUNATELY, IN MY CASE
THERE WAS ONLY
ONE WOMAN FOR HER.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
ONE WOMAN.
THAT'S LIKE SAYING
THERE'S ONLY ONE FLAVOR
OF ICE CREAM FOR YOU.
LET ME TELL YOU
SOMETHING, ROSS.
THERE'S LOT OF
FLAVORS OUT THERE.
THERE'S ROCKY ROAD
AND COOKIE DOUGH
AND BING CHERRY
VANILLA.
YOU CAN GET THEM
WITH JIMMIES OR NUTS
OR WHIPPED CREAM.
THIS IS THE BEST THING
THAT EVER
HAPPENED TO YOU.
YOU GOT MARRIED.
YOU WERE LIKE,
WHAT, EIGHT?
WELCOME BACK
TO THE WORLD.
GRAB A SPOON.
I HONESTLY DON'T KNOW
IF I'M HUNGRY OR HORNY.
THEN STAY OUT
OF MY FREEZER.
EVER SINCE SHE WALKED
OUT ON ME, I...
WHAT?
WHAT, YOU WANT TO SPELL
IT OUT WITH NOODLES?
NO, IT'S MORE OF A FIFTH
DATE KIND OF REVELATION.
OH, SO, THERE'S GOING
TO BE A FIFTH DATE?
ISN'T THERE?
YEAH, YEAH,
I THINK THERE IS.
WHAT WERE YOU
GOING TO SAY?
WELL, WELL...
EVER SINCE SHE
LEFT ME, UM...
I HAVEN'T BEEN
ABLE TO PERFORM...
SEXUALLY.
OH, GOD. I'M SO SORRY.
IT'S OKAY.
BEING SPIT ON
IS PROBABLY NOT WHAT
YOU NEED RIGHT NOW.
UM... OOH.
HOW LONG?
TWO YEARS.
WOW.
I-I-I'M GLAD
YOU SMASHED HER WATCH.
SO, YOU STILL
THINK YOU, UM...
MIGHT WANT
THAT FIFTH DATE?
YEAH.
YEAH, I DO.
I, Joanie,
take you, Charles
as my lawful husband.
Do you take Joanie...
SEE, BUT JOANIE LOVED CHACHI.
THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE.
GRAB A SPOON.
DO YOU KNOW HOW
LONG IT'S BEEN
SINCE I GRABBED A SPOON?
DO THE WORDS
"BILLY, DON'T BE A HERO"
MEAN ANYTHING
TO YOU?
YOU KNOW, HERE'S THE THING.
EVEN IF I COULD
GET IT TOGETHER ENOUGH
TO ASK A WOMAN OUT
WHO AM I GOING TO ASK?
ISN'T THIS AMAZING?
I HAVE NEVER MADE COFFEE
IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.
THAT IS AMAZING.
CONGRATULATIONS.
WHILE YOU'RE ON A ROLL,
IF YOU FEEL LIKE YOU GOT
TO MAKE A WESTERN OMELET
OR SOMETHING...
ACTUALLY, I'M REALLY NOT
THAT HUNGRY THIS MORNING.
MORNING.
MORNING, PAUL.
HELLO, PAUL.
HI. PAUL, IS IT?
I HAD A GREAT TIME
LAST NIGHT.
Paul:
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
WE'LL TALK LATER.
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
THAT WASN'T
A REAL DATE.
WHAT THE HELL DO YOU
DO ON A REAL DATE?
SHUT UP AND PUT MY TABLE BACK.
Joey:
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, KIDS,
I GOT TO GET TO WORK.
IF I DON'T INPUT
THOSE NUMBERS...
IT DOESN'T MAKE
MUCH OF A DIFFERENCE.
SO, LIKE, YOU GUYS
ALL HAVE JOBS?
YEAH, WE ALL HAVE JOBS.
SEE, THAT'S HOW WE BUY STUFF.
YEAH. I'M AN ACTOR.
HAVE I SEEN YOU
IN ANYTHING?
I DOUBT IT.
MOSTLY REGIONAL WORK.
UNLESS YOU CAUGHT
THE WEE ONES PRODUCTION
OF PINOCCHIO.
"LOOK, GEPETTO,
I'M A REAL LIVE BOY."
I WILL NOT TAKE THIS ABUSE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
♪ ONCE I WAS A WOODEN BOY,
A LITTLE WOODEN BOY. ♪
SO HOW YOU DOING TODAY?
DID YOU SLEEP OKAY?
DID YOU TALK TO BARRY?
I CAN'T STOP SMILING.
I CAN SEE THAT.
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU SLEPT
WITH A HANGER IN YOUR MOUTH.
I KNOW.
HE'S JUST SO...
YOU REMEMBER YOU
AND TONY DEMARCO?
OH, YEAH.
WELL, IT'S LIKE THAT--
WITH FEELINGS.
OH, WOW, ARE YOU IN TROUBLE.
I AM JUST GOING
TO GET UP, GO TO WORK
AND NOT THINK
ABOUT HIM ALL DAY.
OR ELSE I'M JUST GOING
TO GET UP AND GO TO WORK.
WISH ME LUCK.
WHAT FOR?
I'M GOING TO GET
ONE OF THOSE JOB THINGS.
HEY, MONICA.
FRANNIE, WELCOME BACK.
HOW WAS FLORIDA?
YOU HAD SEX, DIDN'T YOU?
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?
SO, WHO?
YOU KNOW PAUL?
PAUL, THE WINE GUY?
OH, YEAH, I KNOW PAUL.
YOU MEAN, YOU KNOW PAUL
LIKE I KNOW PAUL?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
I TAKE CREDIT FOR PAUL.
YOU KNOW, BEFORE ME,
THERE WAS NO SNAP IN HIS TURTLE
FOR TWO YEARS.
OF COURSE IT WAS A LINE.
WHY WOULD ANYBODY
DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT?!
I ASSUME WE'RE LOOKING
FOR AN ANSWER
MORE SOPHISTICATED THAN
"TO GET YOU INTO BED."
IS IT ME?!
IS IT LIKE I HAVE SOME SORT
OF BEACON THAT ONLY DOGS
AND MEN WITH SEVERE
EMOTIONAL PROBLEMS CAN HEAR?
GIVE ME YOUR FEET.
I JUST THOUGHT
HE WAS NICE, YOU KNOW?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS A LINE.
GUESS WHAT?
YOU GOT A JOB?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
I'M TRAINED FOR NOTHING.
I WAS LAUGHED OUT
OF 12 INTERVIEWS.
YET YOU'RE UPBEAT.
YOU WOULD BE, TOO, IF YOU FOUND
JOAN AND DAVID BOOTS ON SALE
50 PERCENT OFF.
OH, HOW WELL YOU KNOW ME.
THEY'RE MY NEW
I-DON'T-NEED-A-JOB,
I-DON'T-NEED-MY-PARENTS,
I'VE-GOT-GREAT-BOOTS BOOTS.
HOW DID YOU PAY FOR THEM?
A CREDIT CARD.
AND WHO PAYS FOR THAT?
UM... MY FATHER.
COME ON. YOU CAN'T LIVE OFF
YOUR PARENTS YOUR WHOLE LIFE.
I KNOW THAT.
THAT'S WHY I WAS
GETTING MARRIED.
IT'S HARD BEING ON YOUR OWN
THE FIRST TIME.
THANK YOU.
I REMEMBER
WHEN I FIRST CAME HERE.
I WAS 14,
MY MOM HAD JUST KILLED HERSELF
AND MY STEPDAD
WAS BACK IN PRISON.
I GOT HERE AND
DIDN'T KNOW ANYBODY.
I ENDED UP LIVING
WITH THIS ALBINO GUY
WHO WAS CLEANING WINDSHIELDS
OUTSIDE PORT AUTHORITY
AND THEN HE
KILLED HIMSELF
AND THEN I FOUND AROMA THERAPY.
SO I KNOW EXACTLY HOW YOU FEEL.
THE WORD YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR IS...
"ANYWAY..."
ALL RIGHT. YOU READY?
I DON'T THINK SO.
CUT. CUT.
( chanting ):
CUT. CUT. CUT. CUT. CUT.
( cheering )
WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD.
IT SUCKS.
YOU'RE GOING
TO LOVE IT.
( "Star Spangled Banner"
playing )
THAT'S IT.
YOU WANT TO CRASH
ON THE COUCH?
NO. I GOT TO GO HOME.
YOU GOING TO BE OKAY?
YEAH.
HEY, MON,
LOOK WHAT I FOUND.
WHAT?
THAT'S PAUL'S WATCH.
PUT IT BACK
WHERE YOU FOUND IT.
OH, BOY.
ALL RIGHT,
GOOD NIGHT, EVERYBODY.
Both:
GOOD NIGHT.
HMM.
OH, SORRY.
OH, NO. GO.
SPLIT IT?
OKAY.
THANKS.
YOU PROBABLY DIDN'T KNOW THIS
BUT BACK IN HIGH SCHOOL
I HAD A...
MAJOR CRUSH ON YOU.
I KNEW.
YOU DID?
I ALWAYS FIGURED
YOU JUST THOUGHT
I WAS MONICA'S
GEEKY OLDER BROTHER.
I DID.
OH.
LISTEN, DO YOU THINK--
AND TRY NOT TO LET
MY INTENSE VULNERABILITY
BECOME ANY KIND
OF A FACTOR HERE--
BUT WOULD IT BE OKAY
IF I ASKED YOU OUT
SOMETIME MAYBE?
YEAH.
MAYBE.
OKAY.
OKAY, MAYBE I WILL.
GOOD NIGHT.
SEE YOU.
MM-HMM.
WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT'S WITH YOU?
I JUST GRABBED A SPOON.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WHAT I'M HEARING.
♪ I CAN'T BELIEVE
WHAT I'M HEARING. ♪
I SAID YOU HAD...
♪ I SAID YOU HAD... ♪
WOULD YOU STOP?
WAS I DOING IT AGAIN?
All:
YES!
WOULD ANYBODY LIKE MORE COFFEE?
DID YOU MAKE IT
OR ARE YOU JUST SERVING IT?
I'M JUST SERVING IT.
YEAH.
KIDS, NEW DREAM.
I'M IN LAS VEGAS.
I'M LIZA MINELLI.